vmcluster: re-routing enhancement (#5293)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: dashboards/vmalert: add new panel `Missed evaluations` for indicating alerting groups that miss their evaluations.
* FEATURE: all: track requests with wrong auth key and wrong basic auth at `vm_http_request_errors_total` [metric](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#monitoring) with `reason="wrong_auth_key"` and `reason="wrong_basic_auth"`. See [this issue](https://github.com/victoriaMetrics/victoriaMetrics/issues/4590). Thanks to @venkatbvc for the [pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/5166).
* FEATURE: [vmauth](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmauth.html): add `tls_insecure_skip_verify` parameter which allows to disable TLS verification for backend connection. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5240).

> * FEATURE: `vmstorage`: add `-storage.gracefulShutdownDuration` command-line flag which can be used for enhancing re-routing performance during `vmstorage` restarts. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/4922) and [these docs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/Cluster-VictoriaMetrics.html#improving-re-routing-performance-during-restart) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: `vmstorage`: add `-storage.gracefulShutdownDuration` command-line flag for gradual connections termination between vminserts and vmstorage. This should reduce the impact generated by re-routing data samples from terminated vmstorage node to the remaining nodes. Please note, the `-storage.gracefulShutdownDuration` has a default value to enable graceful shutdown of vmstorage nodes. To disable this behavior, set `-storage.gracefulShutdownDuration=0s`. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/4922) and [these docs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/Cluster-VictoriaMetrics.html#improving-re-routing-performance-during-restart) for details.
```
